Hi. This is an addendum to the JWT implementation on your Spring Boot application.
In order to implement this,
we would need two dependencies.
The dependencies are, Spring Boot starter security,
as well as Java JWT.
Why don't you go ahead and give it a try and look for
the Maven dependencies and add them to your POM file.
In the meantime, I'm going to do the same for my application.
So here I have my POM file and here,
I'm going to add the spring security test dependency,
which is an extra dependency that I wanted to add for my test classes.
The next one is the spring-boot-starter-security.
The last dependency that I want to add is the Java JWT dependency.
Now the version will depend on when you are trying to add this project.
Please go with the latest version that is available.
For a spring-boot-security, it takes
a default spring-boot version that I'm using for this application.
At this point in time, it is 2.1.5 Release version.
The next thing that I'm going to do is,
I'm going to make a few model changes,
and my model change will be on the user class,
which is under repositories under persistence.
The second one would be the CreateUserRequest,
which is under requests class.
So in terms of CreateUserRequest,
there are two things that I need to add.
First is a password,
and the second one is the confirmPassword field,
and then add getters and setters for them.
So here's my code.
If you do not want to spend time writing getters and setters,
please use intelligent in order to do that.
I can quickly show you how to do that.
I have removed this and I'm going to just right-click,
click "Generate" and "Getter and Setter."
It gives me "password" and "confirm
password" for generating getters and setters, and here we go.
In the user's model, what I'm going to do is,
I'm going to add a password field with the write only access,
and please use intelligent or your ID in order
to create the getters and setters for this as well.
Let's go to make some changes now to the main application file.
So in the main application class,
the first thing you need to do is,
you need to add this exclusion of
the default security auto configuration class that is provided by Spring Boot,
because we are doing a JWT implementation.
The second thing that I would do is,
I would add the BCryptPasswordEncoder.
I import a file,
add that bean into this class.
The next thing that I'm going to do is,
I'm going to make changes to my UserController,
which exists under my controllers.
So what I'm trying to do next is,
I'm trying to add some basic password validations,
and then I would do the encoding on my password.
How I would do this is by getting the createUserRequest and the getPassword.
I have some basic validation,
which is the password length is greater than seven,
and the confirm password and the password field match.
If they don't, then there is an error that we throw.
It says, an "Error with user password.
Cannot create user {}".
The next thing is here.
This is a very important line that is at line 64.
What I'm trying to do here is, I'm calling setPassword,
and inside of it I called the bCryptPasswordEncoder and encode the password.
So as you see,
this is the method that I call,
and as per the previous explanation,
you already understand how the hashing works,
how the salt works,
and what they mean,
and you can also go into the details of these methods.
The link that is provided in the video will also give you more details about it.
The next line is just to userRepository.save(user).
This pretty much is all that you need to add a part from the filter files.
The link below is going to provide you these filter files.
You need to add them into your project under a security folder.
So I have my security folder,
and I have these files added here.
Let's just quickly go over these files.
But before I go over these files,
let me make you understand as to what these files are doing.
So these files will be,
by default, picked by Spring Boot.
Spring Boot is going to look for them to place them under
filters and how it would be chained in order to do the validation.
So these are required for Spring Boot as to scan these filters
and have the methods available for the JWT implementation.
As you see, this authentication filter provides two methods,
which is successfulAuthentication and attemptAuthentication,
which are internally used by Spring Boot again.
The pseudo-class, which is JWT Authentication Verification Filter extends
the basic authentication filter which has the overridden method of doFilterInternal.
Then there is another getAuthentication filter.
I have a few security constants that I've added that are needed for this application.
I have the expiration which is configurable.
Secret is, "yoursecret."
I have a TOKEN_PREFIX which is going to be used by the user
when they make the call after the user is logged in successfully.
So "Bearer" will be a prefix for your JWT token,
and then we have the HEADER_STRING, and the SIGN_UP_URL.
In the next video, you will see how this TOKEN_PREFIX is being used.
The next file that I would go over is web security configuration.
Here you have this configure method,
and the authenticationManagerBean, and configure method again over here.
This is a good time for you to understand what these methods really mean.
If you don't know what CORS or CSRF means,
you can do a quick research and understand what these terminologies mean,
or you could also go over these methods to understand how this is configured.
You can go ahead and go through the details and
understand how the filter chaining is done and how the session management is done,
and what does it mean to have
a stateless sessionCreationPolicy or stateful, and other details.
So this is a place where you can go ahead and do as much research as you want,
if you're interested in learning more about authentication.
The last file that we are taking care of is loadUserByUsername.
Here what I do is,
I'm going to return a userdetails object.
That is done by using security.core.userdetails class.
Here, what I'm passing is a username and password,
which is our user object and user password.
In terms of the authorities,
which is more like the permissions that this user has,
I'm passing null or an empty
collections list because I do not want to give any special permissions to this user.
I want to give them all access.
These are the files that Spring Boot is going to use.
In the next video you will see how the implementation that we just did is going to be
used for logging the user and successfully using password and confirm password,
and what the JWT token looks like and how you can use
the JWT token in order to create a session for a successful authenticator session.